# Episode VII
## Rise of the Nobody

### Opening Craw
*Luke and his Jedi Academy flee to an unknown place. The First Order has risen out of the ashes of the Empire by a very strong evil Sith leader, meanwhile the New Republic has became complaciant, and fails to recognize the threat from the First Order. Meanwhile, Leia Solo just got elected to be the president of the New Republic.*

### MAIN STORY
On Coruscant, Leia and Han celebrate Leia's election to president and their wedding anniversary, they also neglect their military since it's been 30 years since the Civil War and threats are seen as nothing more than jokes, and Han is saddened that their son has turned to the dark side. On the rocky planet Fragbey, Kylo Ren is inside a military base talking to a mysterious Sith leader, Darth Magfor, who used to be a servant of Palpatine, shows Ren his final plans, then he orders Ren to occupy planet Crait for the minerals for the Order. On the planet Crait, Rey struggles to make ends meets, and struggles to enjoy life, since she never knew her parents and she wants purpose in life. Then, her life turns upside-down when her planet gets invaded and innocent people get killed by First Order troops, then she decides that she will be the defender of Crait, then she also learned that she has the force, but struggles to control it while fighting the troops, one of them takes his helmet off and knows where to hide (because he secretly scouted the area earlier) takes Rey with him to protect her (as he falls in love with her). Leia hears the news about Crait, but she doesn't want to get the Republic involved since it's not part of the Republic and the public is against war. So she secretly creates the Resistance, a small army of volunteers led by Han Solo. Rey, Finn, and BB-8 (Rey's Droid) escape the planet and fight the First Order for different reasons, Rey is trying to figure out who she is and Finn regrets his past as a deadly Stormtrooper. Rey and Finn also heavly disagree with each other, Finn wants to completly abandon the war (wanting to flee the First Order), Rey on the other hand wants to fight the First Order, however she does not know who fights against the First Order. Han sends Poe to the outer-rim in their first mission: To see how powerful the First Order really is, however, Poe gets captured by pirates, and those same pirates captured Rey, Finn, and BB-8. Meanwhile, Kylo Ren goes on a hologram meeting with Leia and threatens to use his overwhelming military power to capture Naboo unless she gives him Sullust, a Republic mining colony. Leia refuses and threatens to embargo the First Order since they rely on the Republic for economic support. If the Republic blocked trade with the First Order, that would destroy the First Order's economy, in that way, war would be prevented in a peaceful way. Kylo Ren then leaves the meeting and orders general Hux to invade Naboo and Sullust. In a matter of days, the First Order easily captures Sullust and Naboo, though that leads to war with the Republic. Kylo Ren gets disciplined by Darth Magfor for starting the war too soon, but is merciful believing that Ren is still new to the Sith, though Magfor has secret backups. Rey and Finn realized that they had a lot more in common, and they came up with the plan to escape the pirates, and they teamed up with Poe. Rey tries to use the force to fight the pirates but is little better than last time, and Finn helps Rey fight the pirates while Poe tries to launch a small ship. With a team effort, they successfully escaped the pirates and fly to D'Qar, a planet with the Resistance base. Leia is grieved that her son started a war against them, and they don't have an army. She blames herself, but C-3PO encourages her, and they hope that Luke and the Skywalker‐Solo family will help them. On D'Qar, the four meet Han and Rey shows him the force, and he recommended her to see Luke for Jedi Training, but unfortunately, Luke and the Jedi Academy was attacked by Kylo Ren and they had to disappear 6 years ago. Han and his friends don't know where Luke is, but they have a clue, but that clue might be wrong. The clue is on the planet Huglad, where there is a fabled map to Skywalker. Unbeknownst to them, Kylo Ren is also looking for the map and he is planning to capture Huglad. Han askes Rey, Finn, and Chewbacca to go visit Huglad and look for the map, because the Resistance and the Republic need Luke and the Jedi. Han then gives Rey a rusted Lightsaber. Rey, Finn, and Chewbacca leave D'Qar and successfully lands on Huglad and finds a city that is a mix of ancient religious and modern technological culture. They found a really good navigator Kello and his protocol droid K-421, who is familiar with star charts as well as the geography of Huglad. Kylo Ren and his fleet fly to Huglad's orbit and engages the Resistance fleet. At first the First Order nearly takes out the Resistance fleet, but then more Resistance ships comes, meanwhile, Ren, and his men go thru the lines and lands on the surface to look for the map. Kello tells Rey that there is an ancient Jedi temple and that is usually where the Jedi secrets are located. In orbit, Poe shows up and fights the First Order, at first he struggles against the SIE fighters (Upgraded versions of the TIE fighters where they have hyperdrives), but he and his team manage to fight the Sies. Rey, Finn, and Kello go to the temple, as they go to the temple, they go thru puzzles and then the found the map, but an astromech droid has to show it, meaning that BB-8 has to read it, but then, Kylo Ren and his men show up, They fight and one of the stormtroopers recognize Finn, and they fight him, Rey fights Ren with the lightsaber, but because Ren has more experience, he easily beats Rey, and offers to train her and claims that he is better than Luke and the Jedi, but Rey refuses but then, a Jedi suddenly appears, and fights against Ren, then urges the group to retreat, but Rey refuses, and all fight against Ren, but then, Chewbacca and the people of Huglad show up, distracting Ren while Rey, Finn, and Kello escape. Meanwhile the Resistance is overwhelmed by the First Order and the Huglad's space force gets involved and successfully gets the First Order to retreat, and Huglad is victorious against the First Order. After the battle, Han and the remaining Resistance visit Coruscant and Leia informs them that the Resistance is going to be dissolved and going to be replaced by the Republic's own army which is just created, and they are including them. On Huglad, the Jedi revels that the map is actually false, and that he is the son of Luke Skywalker, he sensed Rey and Luke ordered him to take Rey to train her, which Rey accepted. The group return to D'Qar and Han welcomes all, including Ben Skywalker to the new Republic Army, and Ben takes Rey to an unknown planet. 

### Main Characters
• Rey
• Finn
• Poe
• Kylo Ren
• Han
• Leia

### Side Characters
• Darth Magfor
• Ben Skywalker
• Kello
• K-421
• Chewbacca
• C-3PO
• R2-D2
• BB-8
• General Hux

### Main Settings
• Crait
• Coruscant
• D'Qar
• Huglad

### Thank you so much for reading my version of Episode 7 :) If you want to give me advise or a suggestion, you can do a pull request.